# requesting: sAMAccountName 
sAMAccountName: Guest
sAMAccountName: kacie.kerrin
sAMAccountName: aggi.sherilyn
sAMAccountName: ardine.elisa
sAMAccountName: lorne.klarika
sAMAccountName: florencia.lee
sAMAccountName: jolie.kiersten
sAMAccountName: melva.miquela
sAMAccountName: alika.lauraine
sAMAccountName: guglielma.raquela
sAMAccountName: marielle.chrissy
sAMAccountName: lilia.nikoletta
sAMAccountName: karilynn.priscella
sAMAccountName: jerrie.anastasia
sAMAccountName: calley.marieann
sAMAccountName: florry.matilde
sAMAccountName: rita.myrna
sAMAccountName: florina.nelia
sAMAccountName: lindsey.danica
sAMAccountName: emelda.bette
sAMAccountName: laurene.roslyn
sAMAccountName: lexine.clary
sAMAccountName: appolonia.lazar
sAMAccountName: flossie.desiree
sAMAccountName: kalina.madalyn
sAMAccountName: chandal.conni
sAMAccountName: nita.nicolette
sAMAccountName: leonerd.rowe
sAMAccountName: luise.jonie
sAMAccountName: stormy.brina
sAMAccountName: aindrea.pris
sAMAccountName: gerty.devina
sAMAccountName: caron.betta
sAMAccountName: leda.ardella
sAMAccountName: shina.adan
sAMAccountName: cicely.biddy
sAMAccountName: margi.davita
sAMAccountName: fawn.marcelle
sAMAccountName: loralie.cahra
sAMAccountName: goldi.esmeralda
sAMAccountName: marrilee.dawna
sAMAccountName: rory.fanni
sAMAccountName: lavinie.jessalyn
sAMAccountName: janetta.eveline
sAMAccountName: rozelle.rheba
sAMAccountName: alica.lindsey
sAMAccountName: gilberta.sharity
sAMAccountName: meade.danny
sAMAccountName: kerstin.steffie
sAMAccountName: mssql_svc
sAMAccountName: http_svc
sAMAccountName: exchange_svc
sAMAccountName: barrie.eolanda
sAMAccountName: gerry.ker
